# Now, here is the gist of the projects. This version is raw, unfiltered version, i.e pre-AI modification.

# 1. Bewama(bewama.com)
This is an online B2B e-commerce site..Actually more that that, this is a hub for selling construction, industrial, and chemical materials and more that we have blogs and technical resources., where hardwares, construction people, watu wa mjengo, mafundi, even people looking at DYI yourself i.e to for self-repare at home. As Rotsi, We stepped in to be the technical personell/team to handle this venture. What do I mean by this ?
As Rotsi, we handle the design, both UI design, software design, and system architecture. i.e how different parts interact with each other. What sets this apart from a normal e-commerce is cart-recovery i.e we are able to track abandoned carts. We also introduced a loyalty points system, where people would be able to gain points by performing certain actions i.e registering to the platform, inviting someone onto the platform, purchasing a product(s), adding a review, adding a photo/video of them using said purchased product, even daily logins where we try to push people use the platform frequently. This by itself ensures that we drive sales once they enter into the site(sales-funnel). But, first of all to drive traffic onto the site, we implemented a top tier SEO strategy for both products, and SEO blogs, this enables total keyword-domination on search engines i.e Google, and Bing. The current SEO health score is 91%. Such that when a user tries to lookup something silicone, product on bewama is first on the search history or the top page. Aside from that, we handle the facebook, and IG, where we added custom automations i.e auto-reply comments DM to prompt user to visit the website.
# 2. Kumbusha(kumbusha.vercel.app)
This is a startup-ish vibe or service business, where we kumbusha(remind) managers about important key milestones about their employees. The problem is simple, most employees feel unappreciated in a workplace, while employers/managers are busy/too busy to remember about such milestones like birthdays, anniversaries, joining dates, promotion dates. Something like a culture OS. So, for further context the flow is kinda simple, managers simply upload their employee data, wit birthdays etc. Then on our end x days i.e 2, from the day, with Whatsapp automations, we remind managers of an upcoming birthday iin x days, with quick reply to Organize a gift or Remind user on set date. if gift, we provide them with a list of onboarded vendors for them to pick vendor, then cake, and a message will be auto-sent to the vendor with location details.
# 3. Somafix Kenya website(somafixkenya.co.ke)
This is a silicone distributor based in Nairobi, Kenya. The goal for this was simple: A website, but where we took much notice/time was in digital branding, adding proper products with proper SEO. The idea/problem was to boost brand recognition, by far. Checking SEO tools, ensuring device compatibility i.e desktop,mobile users have above 98% scores on i think pageSpeedInsights.dev as highlighted on the photos above. While we didnt handle the socials for the client(they handle it for themselves). 
# 4. Somafix CRM (crm.somafixkenya.co.ke)
Now, as I mentioned the above, company is a distributor. So, they had a very general and specific problem. i.e Client data, they needed a way to store user data in a centralized place, with some of their details for quick lookup, and account continuity, i.e incase a sales agent moves to another company, they simply dont go with all their client data. Now that is a general problem affecting lots of companies as per my studies. Now, for the general one: there was a need to properly track stock and inventory. i.e How stock was moving into and out the company. We, at Rotsi, we were able to properly track stock in, and stock out, and even spoilt and returned goods. Using the data, from the clients data, we were able to cross-reference with stock out data. This gave a proper visualization of all the work that they have been doing, client preferences, etc. The site, also had user management and permissions, i.e business owner can add user onto the platform, and assign relevant rights. This greatly reduces data interferance, while allowing staff member to flag for correction, incase they made a mistake, and business owner to approve. Some of the details shared is to give you more context, of the executions. Please be mindful of the data, you share on the site later.